Amplitude stats blog (#271)
ddev/ddev.com: src/content/blog/stats-on-ddev-usage-nov-2024.md

---
title: "DDEV Live Usage Statistics"
pubDate: 2024-11-05
#modifiedDate: 2024-09-06
summary: DDEV Live Usage Statistics from Amplitude
author: Randy Fay
featureImage:
  src: /img/blog/2024/11/ddev-environment-usage.png
  alt: DDEV Usage of each environment
categories:
  - Community
---

> Here's an updated review of some DDEV usage stats. It's always fun to see some of these. Most of these charts are number from the past 7 days. And they are LIVE stats as you view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an updated review of some DDEV usage stats. It's always fun to see some of these. Most of these charts are number from the past 7 days (Oct 28 - Nov 3, 2024). And check out the LIVE stats link below each chart.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Here's an updated review of some DDEV usage stats. It's always fun to see some of these. Most of these charts are from the past 7 days (Oct 28 - Nov 3, 2024). And check out the LIVE stats link below each chart.
```

![ddev versions in use](/img/blog/2024/11/ddev-versions.png)

<a href="https://app.amplitude.com/analytics/share/a0fde21314e34378831943af7f9dd022" target="_blank">Live version of versions in use</a>

## Users by Timezone

We do our best not to collect any user-identifiable information. The timezone is interesting though. So many of you in Europe!

![user time zones](/img/blog/2024/11/UsersbyTimezone.png)

<a href="https://app.amplitude.com/analytics/share/5735804e9a83429cb6d131b62aa174a6" target="_blank">Live version of Users by Timezone</a>

## Router Usage

Now that the Traefik router has been standard for two major versions, there's very little usage of the old Nginx Proxy router. We were going to remove it in the upcoming v1.24.0, but we're not having to spend any time with it, so will probably not do that. If you need it, please speak up and let us know.

![Router usage](/img/blog/2024/11/RouterUsage.png)

<a href="https://app.amplitude.com/analytics/share/b443310e41854c4a9c79ff7c5d6b399b" target="_blank">Live version of Router Usage</a>

## Explore them yourself!

> You can explore these yourself, ask for permission.** If you're a known community member I'll happily add your access to Amplitude to explore. There are many more things that can be done with this. See [Amplitude Contributor Training](amplitude-ddev-analytics-contributor-training.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**You can explore these yourself, ask for permission.** If you're a known community member I'll happily add your access to Amplitude to explore. There are many more things that can be done with this. See [Amplitude Contributor Training](amplitude-ddev-analytics-contributor-training.md).
```
